
But the little men only looked at each other and grinned.

The Queen gasped, and sat down: the rapid journey through the air had
again, the other White Knight came and put it on. He thought it was his
     “I sometimes dig for buttered rolls,

in all her life--the way those two bustled about--and the quantity of

to get out of the wood into an open place, where she found the White
‘I see you don’t,’ said Alice.
to distinguish the Unicorn by his horn.
This was the poem that Alice read.
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.
     And why the sea is boiling hot--

daisies, who were just beginning again, she whispered, ‘If you don’t

I can.’
that they should all speak in turn, HE went on with ‘She’ll have to go
phrase “Project Gutenberg” appears, or with which the phrase “Project
tied on. (He CALLED it a helmet, though it certainly looked much more
counting?’ In a minute there was silence again, and the same shrill

tone, ‘one of the best kind. But not a single bee has come near it yet.
A little provoked, she drew back, and after looking everywhere for the
‘All right,’ said the Gnat: ‘half way up that bush, you’ll see a
not the NEXT course,’ the Knight said in a slow thoughtful tone: ‘no,
fire-irons, and many other things.
certain about this, ‘is the thunder--no, no!’ she hastily corrected
the things go the other way. I can see all of it when I get upon a
     Or if I drop upon my toe


‘I suppose--’ Alice was beginning, but the Red Queen answered for her.
quite taken away her breath and for a minute or two she could do nothing


little white thing. ‘Not a rattleSNAKE, you know,’ she added hastily,


trays of white and brown bread. Alice took a piece to taste, but it was
pair of needles. ‘You’ll make me giddy soon, if you go on turning round
It certainly was a VERY large Gnat: ‘about the size of a chicken,’ Alice
So the boat was left to drift down the stream as it would, till it
all.’
‘Take a minute to think about it, and then guess,’ said the Red Queen.
would ever say anything, so that--’
works.


themselves all in green, and dance about--whenever the wind blows--oh,
‘I didn’t say there was nothing BETTER,’ the King replied. ‘I said there
the path, and turning several sharp corners), ‘but I suppose it will
      “You’ve had a pleasant run!
‘It can never get at me HERE,’ she thought: ‘it’s far too large to


always coming back to the house, do what she would. Indeed, once, when
‘bread-and-butter, bread-and-butter,’ and Alice felt that if there was
find a snap-dragon-fly. Its body is made of plum-pudding, its wings of
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
     License.  You must require such a user to return or

cravat, I should have said--no, a belt, I mean--I beg your pardon!’ she
      And whether pigs have wings.”
see through the glass--that’s just the same as our drawing room, only
first direction: ‘and I don’t know any soothing lullabies.’

http://pglaf.org/fundraising.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
‘I only meant that I didn’t understand,’ said Alice. ‘Why one to come
helmet?’ It was evidently more than he could manage by himself; however,
***** This file should be named 12-0.txt or 12-0.zip *****

      Did gyre and gimble in the wabe;
you know, I always thought Unicorns were fabulous monsters, too! I never
‘While you’re refreshing yourself,’ said the Queen, ‘I’ll just take
shall have to go back through the Looking-glass, before I’ve seen what
Now, take a good look at me! I’m one that has spoken to a King, _I_ am:
     ‘The sun was shining on the sea,
      “To talk of many things:
pretending it was arguing with her. ‘I’m NOT going in again yet. I know

Alice never could quite make out, in thinking it over afterwards, how it
Alice thought she saw a way out of the difficulty this time. ‘If you’ll



passionately from side to side, and trembling with excitement. ‘They

   ‘Hush-a-by lady, in Alice’s lap!

CHAPTER II. The Garden of Live Flowers

‘I won’t be introduced to the pudding, please,’ Alice said rather
among the rest.
turn her head just in time to see one of the White Pawns roll over and

dear. And I’ll tell you a secret--I can read words of one letter! Isn’t
completely bewildered.
