          You may hunt it with forks and hope;
     http://www.gutenberg.org
     This the Banker suggested, and offered for hire
     “Just the place for a Snark!” the Bellman cried,
          On an ancient manorial right.
     But they ventured to hope that the Snark wouldn’t mind

     He was thoughtful and grave--but the orders he gave
     And the crew were much pleased when they found it to be
This also seems a fitting occasion to notice the other hard words in
          To have aided, but scarcely abetted:
     (Some think it keeps best in an ivory jar,
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
                  THE LANDING
     It felt that, in spite of all possible pains,
           The Bellman exclaimed in a fright.
          And the clothes he had bought for the trip.

     He served out some grog with a liberal hand,
     They threatened its life with a railway-share;
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.
          That it carries too far, when I say
          (Forgetting all laws of propriety,
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
          Have we caught the least glimpse of a Snark!
     When the verdict was called for, the Jury declined,
1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
          Where the Baker had met with the Snark.
Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.
          “If only you’d spoken before!
     The Bellman perceived that their spirits were low,
     distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.
          He forgot when he entered the ship:

If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the


                      Fit the Eighth
          With their boxes, portmanteaus, and bags:

          One word that the others had said.
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
     While the Beaver confessed, with affectionate looks

          With the Snark, so to speak, at the door!
          Conveyed in a separate ship:

          Went savagely snapping around--
          A perfect and absolute blank!”
                      THE VANISHING
     The sound so exactly recalled to his mind
          And grabbed at the Banker again.
collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
          And it’s handy for striking a light.
          Scarcely even a howl or a groan,
     But the Snark is at hand, let me tell you again!
          A Bandersnatch swiftly drew nigh
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
     They sought it with thimbles, they sought it with care;
          The thing must be done, I am sure.
     And had often (the Bellman said) saved them from wreck,
redistribution.


          At seeing the Butcher so shy:
     And grabbed at the Banker, who shrieked in despair,
     Navigation was always a difficult art,

     And without extra charge I will give you at large
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,

“borrow.”  I have heard people try to give it the sound of the “o” in
Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
          A convenient number to state--
1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
     There was silence supreme!  Not a shriek, not a scream,

          And the Beaver, excited at last,
located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
          As he landed his crew with care;
     “Introduce me, now there’s a good fellow,” he said,
     Chief Executive and Director
your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with


where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no


     He offered large discount--he offered a cheque
          Which the Bellman declared was all “stuff.”
          Made an effort to wink with one eye.

     “Leave him here to his fate--it is getting so late!”
1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (“the Foundation”
          So the Snark undertook it instead,
